Antonio J: So,
Richelle Direny: I thought Chester Anthony
Richelle Direny: Anthony show because
Antonio J: Once you say
Richelle Direny: Okay, Antonio, not long show for my session. He not going to show some a session because he come to group yesterday.
Antonio J: Yeah, this I don't understand. So I had group yesterday and I have every other week.
And I
Antonio J: That's what I do group every other weekend come to you every Friday.
Richelle Direny: Every I know you know coming in here. Every Friday.
Richelle Direny: Me every Friday. You're frozen.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: It's Friday. It's Friday.
Richelle Direny: It's teacher. Yes, I told you, every other week, Antonio,
Antonio J: You told me to use my work with told you about my second job. He said, just told me every other week Thursday for group and then Friday, I got a one on one with two
Richelle Direny: Okay if I told you that. And that's what
Antonio J: I'm so like when it came to group, but now I'm thinking like
Richelle Direny: It's a long day long day.
Antonio J: Long so tired as
Richelle Direny: Well, that's good. Um. How is work. How is work since you've been back
Antonio J: Hot, hot
Antonio J: So hot. Oh my god man like making me miserable like stress.
Antonio J: Oh,
Antonio J: Boy, just I don't like going I hate going to work.
Antonio J: And not in like waking up in North what myself man like I'm on there and I know I want to be, but I don't like to have a job like I want to go to my job and feel motivated hours. I'll probably work offensively. But right now it's just hot I'm playing, I'm working
Richelle Direny: That's good.
Antonio J: That's good, though. I mean,
Richelle Direny: I mean, you know, at the end of the day, it's kind of like looking at where you're coming from to wear
Richelle Direny: It when I say where you're coming from. Meaning that just a few like a month ago when you weren't working and just not knowing. I mean, even though you're going back to work on in the sweltering heat
Richelle Direny: You know,
Antonio J: Right. But yes, as to, I'm happy, I'm back at work. It's like it's less stressful and lead being bored.
Antonio J: Again, back to my normal stuff you know my normal movement.
Richelle Direny: Only went back to the window right
Antonio J: Yeah, I'm still I'm still I'm still waiting to get called back up.
Antonio J: Talk to my supervisor. She told me probably that to the end, not probably not even till the end of June.
Antonio J: So as well.
Antonio J: As well I'm gonna actually do you want me to just come to the group every Thursday until I start my toe. I can do that. I don't, I don't, I'm not like working afternoon right now.
Richelle Direny: This is what I would say, giving your situation and circumstances. That's what am I say it only is beneficial for you.
Richelle Direny: If you did that.
Richelle Direny: Um, because the more things that you you come to in terms of group and individual
Richelle Direny: Second, the more things that you come to in terms of group and individual, the better.
Richelle Direny: In just one second.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: So you're doing groups every Thursday, six is what you're saying. Right.
Right.
Richelle Direny: And then individually individually you do every other week, I'm
Richelle Direny: From let's let's kind of just before I say 100% yes because you know the too much groups is not going to be a bad thing for you.
Richelle Direny: Um, especially like your unique situation is that you're on probation for a DUI. And so even though the group that you attend. It's not specifically a group or any group. It's just the type of group that we do.
Richelle Direny: You know, it's a lot more self care kind of
Richelle Direny: What is the other term.
Richelle Direny: I can't think of the name. But the kind of group that we do. I think it was, was it will be helpful for you because I have to do a report to your field every week.
Richelle Direny: And so the more I report that you are consistently attending group you're participating. You are consistently attending your individuals every other week.
Richelle Direny: That only reflects good for you, because then what when that's report is turned into the court, they're showing that you're doing what you need to do.
Richelle Direny: I'm just not just as it's related to your probation, but for you, you know, individually.
Richelle Direny: And I mean, you can only say you know whether or not you're able to take away something from the group each week that you come
Richelle Direny: You know, in hearing, even if you you share you don't share it, given that everyone else is sharing and everyone is being very candid in the group.
Richelle Direny: You know, you just have to say whether or not you're taking something positive away from the group that you can utilize her can use. So with that being said,
Richelle Direny: At least for the next four weeks if you're able to attend every week I will definitely see attend every week because then when you go back to work. You're not going to be able to attend every week because it's going to conflict with your work schedule.
Richelle Direny: But at least you know we can work around every other week of of individuals.
Antonio J: Right, that's what you told me that fine. Yeah, I really, I really do appreciate that I don't have to say forget that job come to grow and stuff like that but I
Richelle Direny: Know job because I mean come in a group, you gotta pay your bills it and they grouping can pay your bills.
Antonio J: I'm a single male living by myself. It's not
Richelle Direny: Easy. I'm trying to tell you that the struggle is for real, for real. And I would never tell you not significant growth you did I say find a way to make it work. But you can
Richelle Direny: Oh, you know, and
Richelle Direny: Those POS depending on who you are.
Richelle Direny: What did she say she must like me a something fishy, you need to see for every week.
Richelle Direny: Are you still see week
Antonio J: I haven't met her yet.
Richelle Direny: You gotta know PO
Antonio J: I have a P. O. Box, but I haven't met her.
Richelle Direny: See her, you have to check in with her every week.
Antonio J: Yeah check in with her every week as own little zoom thing and then I go to court every other week for
Antonio J: Drug Court and I fear through the zoom
Richelle Direny: Call you see the same way. You're seeing me is how you see her.
Antonio J: Right. But I gotta go, she want me to come up here to I'm going to meet or two.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Person.
Antonio J: Right. Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: So how, don't tell you what days you check in with her.
Antonio J: I checked you know every Monday.
Richelle Direny: OK. OK. So I think for, you know, it's only just showing just a sign of you owning kind of what the reason why you're in on probation. In the first place, like you owning that and you working through your issues and you identify you can i mean
Richelle Direny: You can honestly say like you'll identify your underlining issues as you use the alcohol to cope
Richelle Direny: And so coming to group every week it's being able to kind of just kind of like that motivation and just being uplifting to hear you know what other people are going through in that
Richelle Direny: You know, just like how you ever pass everybody else has a past and just like how everybody's learning daily how to cope with not just their past issues, but their issues as they deal with it. Each day, you know, it can be
Richelle Direny: Helpful for you. And so I would say that coming to group weekly would be a good thing. Um, as well as, you know, doing individual us meeting every eventually this too shall pass. Um, you know,
Richelle Direny: Nothing but salvation is forever. So therefore groups ain't gonna be forever individuals are not going to be forever. Just like you ain't going to be unless you want to be on probation forever. That's not going to be
Antonio J: Nope, don't want that.
Antonio J: Appreciate like a little help on getting because maybe I do need to learn my lesson and take the probation serious and in the end is great, but it's like so great. Like,
Antonio J: Realizing when I don't drink that it actually know you when you wake up in the morning. Everybody brushing out in the morning, your tongue and everything.
Antonio J: When I used to drink. And then in the morning when I used to go to brush my teeth like my mouth is more cake up then anything cuz I guess the alcohol probably kicked my mouth focus stuff. But now when I wake up my mouth is, is of course is nasty. Every morning, but it's not. It's nasty.
Antonio J: From alcohol and even honestly, even the marijuana. When I was moving marijuana, all that stuff and cigarette. I mean I smoke a cigarette here and there, but
Antonio J: It's like it's crazy. I just realized the less you in and doors in your mouth, the better your mouth can be clean and you know our mouths are dirty air just like I wake up like, I brush my teeth already close my mouth is not a basket, but I do I still need some, of course, but
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that you've noticed that since you have
Richelle Direny: stopped drinking and smoking marijuana in terms of when you wake up in the morning, the, the, the year like that morning breath and everything that's going on. It's not the same.
Antonio J: Right. Right. Yeah. And then I could eat more. I'm eating more actually gained 20 pounds within the month and a half thing and it's great.
Richelle Direny: You just had a moment.
Antonio J: I did, I did that little moment like Man, i wish i
Antonio J: Wish I just put a long time ago.
Antonio J: Wow.
Richelle Direny: If you have a moment there, my friend.
Antonio J: Was
Richelle Direny: Like I told somebody in group yesterday got made tear ducts for a reason. If you got to utilize noodle hasn't
Antonio J: Got a little Phil is
Antonio J: Yeah, and this is the boat right so I'm actually like proud of myself and I just want to keep continuing and I don't want to do this just for the probation. People are you don't. I mean, I want to do this for myself. I don't want them all gotta quit our blog we
Antonio J: Could do this without the probation and the cows that stuff like that. No, but
Richelle Direny: But it's okay so here is that feeling that you're having here's like this kind of epiphany that you're having. I hope I could you know the way I'm feeling right now, not being on this. I don't have to, but this is the thing.
Richelle Direny: Think about. Have you ever heard someone saying being incarcerating being incarcerated, what was actually the best thing that has ever happened to them.
Antonio J: Yes, I heard
Richelle Direny: Why would you, why would they say that
Antonio J: I mean,
Antonio J: They learned what think of they learned their lesson and they had time to think to themselves, my brother just got off with protein and a half year literally
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Richelle Direny: It is the path that I was on
Richelle Direny: It was a path of heading to destruction.
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: Well, I don't know if you weren't in one of those groups that I had shared about a story of a couple that they actually came to my church and they were they were Asian couple
Richelle Direny: And or Asian family, I should say, and they were telling basically it was the son ultimately that was telling his story, but then the parents.
Richelle Direny: told their version of the story. So the parents told majority of the story and soul together as a family, they kind of go around and they tell their story. And so in this story. It was that
Richelle Direny: This PBS this couple had one child, the sun and in the beginning. The sun was going down a pretty decent path.
Richelle Direny: And the path that the sun was going down. Was he was going to become a doctor, a dentist, just like his father, and he was kind of walking in the footsteps of his father, um,
Richelle Direny: In terms of the profession, and he was doing this. But somehow, some way. One day he kind of kind of veered off the off course.
Richelle Direny: He veer off course one because of his family of origin kind of whatever was going on in their home, ie, like what you and everybody else say when you think about drugs.
Richelle Direny: You think about the toxic nature of the home of what was going on in the home what you were exposed to through mom and dad and everybody in the whole what you're exposed to the impact it has on him as a child growing up. And oftentimes, you will hear
Richelle Direny: What goes on in the home stays in the home, you'll go tell nobody about our business.
Richelle Direny: So mom and dad going at it and mom and dad and you have all this information stored up in mom doing drugs mom drinking moms with all these are both parents and so parents, their relationship was kind of going
Richelle Direny: Down to two. It was pretty much destruction. They were just just it was really bad and
Richelle Direny: I don't know how much you know about Asians, but Asians. When I say agent specifically Chinese, we always say what is smart. A this they that but you know now got no social life.
Richelle Direny: A lot of them simply because of just the rigorous nature of like are just how education is in that culture and just how things are. And so here is it that this kid was going down this path, and he kind of wanted to break away his breakaway of getting caught up with the wrong crowd.
Richelle Direny: And I think a lot of that started when he went off to college. You kind of got caught up in the wrong crowd. And when you get caught up in the wrong crowd with that college life. What happens when you get introduced to
Richelle Direny: Drugs.
Richelle Direny: Sex everything
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: And so he got caught up in this life and he pretty much immersed himself in this life because this life seemed good not just that he got caught up into the drugs. He started selling it.
Richelle Direny: And so, as he the as the, you know, to kind of somewhat telling the story and the mom is telling the story because the mom played a
Richelle Direny: bigger role in this as moms do in the family of origin and especially as it's related to the children and so mom said, you know, here it is that her son.
Richelle Direny: Was going down this road of destruction and she didn't know how to save him. Because once you get into this life.
Richelle Direny: What ends up happening when it comes onto your family of origin, you're not talking to them. You ain't trying to hear nothing that they saying you you. Y'all don't know nothing this life that I this lifetime here is good. I don't taste it a piece of the pie and I taste real good.
Richelle Direny: Oh, and this is cool because now it's against everything that he grew up with. And so, as he immersed, and he got in. Remember what you know about when you're in this life, all of these people who are bringing you down the rabbit hole with them. They make you think they're your friends.
Richelle Direny: But all they want to do is have you fall, just like them.
Richelle Direny: Know they have done zoomed into your naive at simply because of how you grew up, and so they're really. And so this is kind of the spiral that he went into
Richelle Direny: Now you're down this rabbit hole, you're in college, you're into drugs, you're selling you're using you're doing all this different stuff. What happens to education.
Richelle Direny: Takes about
Richelle Direny: Bail. That's it, you're done. He had gotten into so much trouble that eventually he um they were going to kick him out of school, but because his dad was already well known.
Richelle Direny: In the university because he's a dentist, he's, he knows the provost and you know when your dad got pull your my son. What is your dad. This is my only son, what you want, do you want to try to pull some strings.
Antonio J: Right, definitely.
Antonio J: Yeah.
Antonio J: Even though he's not going through a real bad.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. But he going to, because that's my son. At the end of the day, that's my son.
Richelle Direny: Lot of pull some strings, he decided he don't want none of this life and he goes away when he goes away, you pretty much spit in your, your parents face in every effort that they're making
Richelle Direny: Eventually you lose the child they go off, they're doing their thing. And so in him doing this, he really just got real bad. You hear stories of how people who they just went real real bad. Like, it was like
Richelle Direny: It was on and popping from there got kicked out of school. He was like a semester away from becoming a dentist. He lost all of that now. He just became real big shot.
Richelle Direny: But mom, who had kind of like you know how your parents. Eventually, the life that they live, they kind of had that come to Jesus moment they they become I'm
Richelle Direny: God, fearing. And so now it's kind of like you talking about the power of that praying, Mom. So mom started praying for him just kind of because hey, I can't do not know what my son he refuses to have any relationship with me. All I could do is pray mom gets the call.
Richelle Direny: I guess he was so big in so deep into this rabbit hole like it was the feds that came after him her response was,
Richelle Direny: She was happy that he got arrested.
Richelle Direny: He learned his lesson quite yet. Because remember, when you're in the thick of your issues the cops are not in your life, you ain't looking at this as no blessing.
Richelle Direny: You're looking at this, like, Woe is me. Why is this why they doing this to me why because you're still in the in the thick of your mess. You're in the thick of the height of your you're in the thick of everything.
Richelle Direny: On this spiral downhill. This road of destruction. Eventually, he went to jail got sentence all this different stuff then
Richelle Direny: After you know we always talk about like the emotions of how you know when emotions and you're all caught up in emotions eventually that passes, then he's in the jail, then he kind of had like that enlightening moment that you just had just now where it's just like, whoa, I am
Richelle Direny: This is a good thing that I'm incarcerated. And so in his story. He got incarcerated. He was there for a few years and eventually when he left.
Richelle Direny: He said the best thing that could have ever happened to me was for me to get arrested for me to be in jail, simply because the road that I was heading down. That was so bad.
Richelle Direny: That that was
Richelle Direny: I was gonna die. So basically in for him. He said, God saved him from himself right
Richelle Direny: And so in the end, you know, of course, he came out of, you know, he served his time. He eventually got a degree, while he was incarcerated his PhD.
Richelle Direny: He got while he was incarcerated. He did all of this. And so now they travel the world to tell the story. And of course, the story is a whole lot much deeper than that but
Richelle Direny: The matter is sometimes we look at incarceration. Sometimes we look at being on probation. Sometimes we look at all.
Richelle Direny: These things as a bad thing, simply because in some way. It's like shackles on our feet.
Antonio J: Yeah, it is. It is. But I had to realize like, I know I'm like I'm thinking like, wow, wow, I'm going. All this is why like a caliphate pro core vasey probation. Oh.
Antonio J: It feels like that sometimes, but I have to grow up and realize what what is
Richelle Direny: It because it's looking at it from the perspective that and the reason why I give that story, cuz I remember in group I had kind of give a little snippet of the story.
Richelle Direny: It's looking at it as even though in your eyes, it's a bad thing. Even though it's limited. Even though it stops you to move about freely, even though it does all of that sometimes
Richelle Direny: Being forced and being put on pause it forces you to really think about why am I even in this situation in the first place, what put me in this situation.
Richelle Direny: Is it just the DUI. Well, yes, if you think about it from the surface level but well hell. Why did I get a DUI. Why was I thinking to the point of. I was so inebriated that I did not know what was going on.
Richelle Direny: Well, now you got to go deeper. So probation and everything that you're going forces you to come from the surface and to go to take those layers down so now
Richelle Direny: I'm on probation while I'm on probation, because I had a DUI, you sit on a surface. Well, why do you have a deal because I was
Richelle Direny: Thinking. Okay, well, why was your drinking because you know I was over, or why were you overwhelmed because I was or why were you that until you ask all these questions until you get to the core. The truth of the matter, then what happens now.
Richelle Direny: All of that wakes up what wakes up everything that you were using the alcohol to suppress
Richelle Direny: Now, here it is. I'm going through counseling the counselor is helping me to address these things and work through all these things and finding different ways to cope with my issues. I'm
Richelle Direny: A constant cannot undo what happened yesterday, no one can change what happened yesterday what what we can do is learn to understand it and loosen those past shackles that you have on your feet.
Richelle Direny: Because this is the reality. You have a bunch of shackles on that hasn't been released until you get to that point where
Richelle Direny: Think about it like this, you know, those kind of like those things. Those barbed wire types of things that if it gets like well you put like if you want to track.
Richelle Direny: You know I hate to use this. But, you know, that kind of back in the day when you're watching the movies with savory movies and they have them the shackles, that if you put your foot in it holds your foot in the thorns and everything is digging in it.
Richelle Direny: And when needs or they do it to like animals when they want to trap an animal. They put these things that shackles your foot or shackles us so you can't move because there
Richelle Direny: And so now you come and you say, okay, well let me release it, but it's so painful that you don't want to release it.
Richelle Direny: And so that's what's happened to you, you have all of these things from your past and someone comes to you and says, hey, Antonio, let me help you release it.
Richelle Direny: You're saying, No, it's too painful for you to remove it. But then the person is saying to you, but Antonio, the only way that you can work through this pain. You have to let me help you release. What's bounding you
Richelle Direny: You have to get to that point to say I'm ready to begin the healing. I'm ready for them to release the shackles, so I can start the healing.
Richelle Direny: Once you start working through all of that.
Antonio J: Right.
Antonio J: Yeah, I like that.
Richelle Direny: Because you think once you start working on, because that's the thing that shackles are on my thing is digging into me.
Richelle Direny: And I said, Okay, well, you come and you said, but we shall let me release it, and I'm like, No, no, no, it's too much it hurts too much.
Richelle Direny: And you're saying, but in order for it to heal and in order for it to stop. I gotta release in and you're like, No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: And I'm like, all right, well then you can sit near suffer or you can help. Let me help you release it. So you can start working through the pain because it's going to go away. But we have to initially remove what's causing the pain.
Richelle Direny: Can I
Richelle Direny: undo what the shackles, did I cannot do it it already happened. What I can help you with the healing process. Nobody can undo.
Richelle Direny: The past as what happened, nobody can do that. But what we can do is work through the pain and release and forgive those people or those things that occurred that put you in the position that you're in. That's all you. We can work through
Richelle Direny: I went through all of that details to say in your situation probation is forcing you to deal with that.
Richelle Direny: Because that's the only way
Richelle Direny: If you will, and if you allow it that you can
Richelle Direny: Be successful at
Richelle Direny: Not
Richelle Direny: Letting alcohol be your clutch.
Richelle Direny: Letting alcohol.
Richelle Direny: Be your source of comfort. That's the only way
Richelle Direny: Because. So if you say right now. Well, I think I'm in a good place. Because the way I feel right now. I'll need an alcohol now and he but if you never work through the problems you're going to go right back to what you know.
Richelle Direny: You will always go right back to what you know.
Richelle Direny: You see what I'm saying.
Antonio J: That's what she knows
Antonio J: That's what, that's what withdraw withdraw.
Richelle Direny: When you start going through the withdrawal and the pain and the reminders of why you were drinking and all the things until I learn to work through it until I learn to identify what is going on until I learned to identify listen emotion is an
Richelle Direny: Emotion is isn't sorry anger is an emotion.
Richelle Direny: Happiness is an emotion sadness isn't emotion. Pain is all of these things are emotions.
Richelle Direny: I need to say
Richelle Direny: Somebody just just caught me off on the road.
Richelle Direny: What am I feeling right now. I'm feeling angry. Why am I feeling angry, being able to identify it and learning how to work through those emotions, let it pass, do what you need to do, release it. If you don't learn how to do those things in an in a healthy way you are going to go to what
Richelle Direny: You have taught yourself.
Richelle Direny: To be used to to comfort you.
Richelle Direny: I'm not working. I don't know how to pay these bills, everything is falling in on me what I'm used to. Is drinking what I'm used to is smoking.
Richelle Direny: And all of it numbs everything I have this out of body of experience. I'm kind of in this sense of euphoria, whatever it does for you.
Richelle Direny: To make you not feel what you're feeling right now is what you're used to. So as life takes place, you are going to go to what you're used to. How did I learn how to do that. Let's go to your beginnings over the years.
Antonio J: You have
Richelle Direny: taught yourself how to cope by drinking by smoking by whatever it is some if you everybody has a different way of coping with things.
Not
Richelle Direny: Everybody has a different way of
Richelle Direny: Living and so until you learn to understand that will work through it.
Richelle Direny: You will never get to ultimately where you want to get to, which is full sobriety, which is no more DUIs which is no more probation, which is no more me and would appeal, which is no more sitting on the screen, talking to somebody or going to a physical building or location or someone
Richelle Direny: Like you're just like you said you're a single man. Could it be that because of your past and the things that you've got to handle things
Richelle Direny: Yes, he in this place of being single. Because you can't handle and deal with a relationship because of the things that you've gone through in the past.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: It's it's it's it's it's working through a lot of that.
Antonio J: So right so like like
Antonio J: I think about it all the time. Like if I if I don't change myself.
Antonio J: I, I feel like sometimes I'll, I'll die by myself where Well Pat. You know what I mean $1 is up you know me, I don't want to be at home. I don't want to be that person that don't
Antonio J: Don't I really don't. And it feels like it felt like that only played by must die alone like
Antonio J: The goal always was like
Antonio J: So angry and mad because the drinking and
Antonio J: Smoking weed or not have the money to buy my alcohol or by the marijuana stuff like day and night.
Antonio J: And I, and I landed on everyone else like my girlfriend and I was just Gallagher NICE SHIP, like, a year ago. And I'm like, I played
Antonio J: My wife she leave me. Then I say to myself, like
Antonio J: Why would she leave me, you know, and
Antonio J: Be better off about the alcoholic or someone that's always worried about outlaw he were he is a worker by beard beers and stuff like that. Oh.
Richelle Direny: When you got off work when you will work because you worked a lot of hours during the day when you worked
Richelle Direny: Right, sometimes work is a way that you get away from life because it keeps you busy. It keeps you going, it keeps you out because now I all I gotta do is just focus on doing what I need to do to get to get this money, but now when I come home.
Richelle Direny: Life is meeting me when I come home. I have nothing really to distract me so I need this alcohol to help me with this to help me to cope
Richelle Direny: She is home waiting for you to spend time with you to live life to do all of this stuff. But you emotionally. I can't, I can't, I can't deal with this.
Richelle Direny: I can't do it. As a matter of fact, I can't even deal with whatever complaints, you come into me with
Richelle Direny: I can't be bothered with it. So you use the alcohol. So now I leave from work, the alcohol becomes my friend. Now I'm going to use it to suppress me to calm me down. So then
Richelle Direny: Or some people use the alcohol to help me to deal with your to be in the company of your to be what you want me to be because of whatever the alcohol does the reality of it is, the question is,
Richelle Direny: What was it that you were using the alcohol to cope with.
Antonio J: I'm
Antonio J: Honestly I think always you cope with.
Antonio J: Like my my anger and like
Antonio J: Just my depression. Most of anything, but I really don't. I mean, I really wasn't depressed or nothing. I was just
Antonio J: Oh, I was just
Antonio J: Thinking to or that time then
Richelle Direny: thinking too hard about what
Antonio J: About about who I am. Like, like my good reason. You know, I mean, like, because I always had a ball. I always have to problem.
Richelle Direny: Who were you with or what, why, when you say I had an anger problem. So now I'm trying to peel it back like a banana. Because then it's going to the source of
Richelle Direny: Where what is stemming what is what is creating this anger this deep rooted anger in you because it's not just I got angry because she said something, it woke up something in you. So where was the source of that anger.
Antonio J: Is
Antonio J: I would much
Richelle Direny: Back to
Antonio J: My much
Antonio J: Like growing. Yeah. Probably my childhood and
Antonio J: And just
Antonio J: By saying that
Antonio J: I would want to before I got into relationship.
Antonio J: Like how much trouble. I used to get into, like, it was like what's trouble but
Richelle Direny: You said that your stepfather was abusive lesson he
Definitely
Antonio J: He can look
Richelle Direny: For your stepfather was your mom abusive.
Antonio J: Never know.
Richelle Direny: So the abuse only started after he came in the picture.
Antonio J: Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Was your biological father in the picture.
Number.
Antonio J: That and I heard like
Antonio J: No really heard a lot like
Antonio J: Even meeting. I don't think he cared that this guy was a few by even care. You don't care to this day.
You know, we don't care at all.
Richelle Direny: Your stepfather.
Antonio J: That my, my father.
Richelle Direny: So he still alive today.
Antonio J: Yes, but he's on dialysis bad you don't care about that.
Antonio J: I just don't want to be like that.
Antonio J: All you all he does is just one money.
Antonio J: As only thing you want to talk about
Richelle Direny: When did he come in your life.
Antonio J: I mean, he's been in and out, in and out.
Antonio J: You know you don't come and see them. Like if I'm driving somewhere out to
Antonio J: The want to either want to ride or you want a couple of hours.
Antonio J: And their horizon.
Antonio J: I
Antonio J: I don't know. I just don't tell nobody
Richelle Direny: you long for the love of your biological father
Yes.
You
Antonio J: Know you know nothing about me and I tell people I don't care. But it's not
Richelle Direny: You say I you say you don't care to pretty much guard your heart from how you feel. So nobody will see that in your mind.
Richelle Direny: I don't want nobody to see this girl man looking for love and affection from his father, that little boy inside of you still wants to hear your father say, Antonio, I love you and Tony. I'm sorry I wasn't there for you.
Richelle Direny: Regardless of what it is I am glad that you're my son. That's what that little boy inside of you is still looking for
Antonio J: 34 years old or not.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. And then even if you're no matter what age you are you still naturally we come into this world, not because we asked to come into this world you came into this world, despite so this child.
Richelle Direny: wants the love and affection from mom and from that a little boy wants the love and affection from his that
Richelle Direny: So that anger that you have because of what you're seeking from your father and he is not showing it and giving it you take it out on everybody else without realizing, that's where the source of it is coming from.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And then on top of you wanting this relationship with your father and the love and affection from him this fill in father took advantage and instead of showing you that love and affection as a man, he took advantage and he abused you guys
Antonio J: Yes.
Richelle Direny: What was your mom's role in all of it.
Antonio J: See my mom when I talked to her about that. She says she didn't know it, you know, but and I think about it. I kind of believe it because she really wasn't it
Antonio J: I she worked the last year when I get to share
Antonio J: Like maybe you didn't know that I will get know what for 90 my cereal man the milk will spoil and scared to tell him that the milk will spoil. Yeah, you know, is just
Richelle Direny: What he is reading
Antonio J: He was a he was outlawed.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Antonio J: There without his alcohol. Yes.
Antonio J: Nice drug addict to he's
Richelle Direny: Your dad.
Antonio J: Yeah, crack cocaine.
Antonio J: You know,
Antonio J: You're right. He's one of the guys that you know you know about the you know the guys that walk around the city and try to get a 20 piece we want you know i mean
Antonio J: Yeah, he's one though that stand there and
Antonio J: At the at the store, trying to get $2 for somebody to try to make them with
Antonio J: $20 and going into it, you know.
Antonio J: But it still is.
Richelle Direny: It still hurts.
Richelle Direny: Hurts because regarding so it kind of goes back to what I talked about in group. It said
Richelle Direny: Regardless, this is how a child is regardless of what it is that you're doing, whether you're a drug addict or alcoholic or beef or no but a murder. It doesn't matter what you are a child doesn't see that
Richelle Direny: A child just sees my parent and I love them and I just want that love that I'm giving you to come back to me.
Richelle Direny: That is what I want, you could beat me to the core. You're still my dad and I love you and I'm going to come back to you. That's what we all do.
Richelle Direny: Because even with a child that's in an abusive situation they still go back to the abuser, because that's my, that's my mommy. That's my daddy. I still want my mommy, I still want my daddy. The thing is, I'm curious.
Richelle Direny: Did your father grew up in an abusive relationship or two parents that were addicts themselves.
Antonio J: Know my grandfather. My grandfather and my grandmother was church people period, some time, I was born in no way
Richelle Direny: You grew up with them.
Antonio J: Yes, I grew up I grow my grandparents when I grow my father.
Richelle Direny: And your grant and busy. So you grew up with your father, your biological father's parents
Antonio J: Right. Yes.
Antonio J: Always I was always over there. You know how you go every weekend after school weekdays, always, always, when they're like Friday night, every weekend but you know every other weekend, maybe
Understand
Richelle Direny: What was your fun like did your parents, your grandparents ever told you your father story as to kind of what made him go down this rabbit hole. Was it because of friends or what was it for him.
Antonio J: My grandmother. She said that it was
Antonio J: His friends. Most mostly they she really never really wanted to talk about it because she was heard about it, you know, because my whole side of my family are like church people from my grandmother's
Antonio J: Sisters, because my grandmother had 11 sister, brother, they all would like one they all still our church people by grandfather, he was Jewish people and I just don't
Antonio J: Of course everybody important like the nephews and stuff probably is not true people but they all grew up in church home all on my dad's side because my dad side. My uncle got a church, which is my grandmother's sister's husband.
Antonio J: He hasn't turned and my grandfather, brother. He had the church and we just been
Antonio J: Church people that don't meet you don't really mean that that because you know so. But yeah, they really love that a lot like
Richelle Direny: No, this is the thing. And I don't want to stray you send that because, you know, Hey Church is supposed church is supposed to be intended to be a sacred place, but there is people who go in there and the file it and changes the image of how church should be the same.
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: My curiosity is my grandma and grandpa could have gone to church and they could have done the hope the righteous thing as according to the Bible and how God intended it
Richelle Direny: Everybody around them. Did they do that, they have a large family everybody around them. Did They Do That was your father exposed to things.
Richelle Direny: That maybe that could be unknown to your grandparents, and that's why this life or work was they were they so heavily in the church that they were so there's the saying that your soul heavenly minded that you're no earthly good
Antonio J: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: And so was that like, was it like that for your father, where he somewhat broke away from that church setting, simply because of how things was when he was growing up, or maybe because he was what he was exposed to while he was in the church.
Antonio J: Right, like, yes, he, he also talked to me like my dad like I was, I had to get a radiator put in my truck. Like what, like maybe eight months ago or so. And he was just bragging about like
Antonio J: He was like, so bragging about how when I was young he ran to like give me a drink a beer. You know, I mean, like, you may drink a beer and I'm like dude.
Antonio J: Now now freakin know why.
Antonio J: I was drinking so much you know like we need this. The first time I ever heard it. And this was like, literally, like, six, eight months ago, like, and I'm doing this thing in my head like this is why I became drinker like human and such and such like.
Antonio J: You're bragging about to me that using it as a little kid when you're old to your girl whatever age you are you talking about it. She's gonna be alcohol.
Richelle Direny: That he used to give you alcohol.
Yes.
Antonio J: No, man. I don't know why he was like bragging about it. You know how they run as friends and maybe who, you know,
Antonio J: Was you really babysitting me
Antonio J: See, I don't remember what he's talking about. But of course, I probably wouldn't because I was
Antonio J: Like, Eric, like I dropped the ball back up to myself, but I say, you know what, let me go get this
Antonio J: And a freeze for the radiator as an enterprise, the enterprise radiator and drop you back off normally keep going and talking about how much time we have when you grow up. No, that's not no good time for me.
Antonio J: I don't want to do that. Give me a bottle. Give me a bottle of milk or juice, apple juice like a kid supposed to have you telling me that you needed me, although he told me that I used to spit it out sometimes don't tell me this, like, I really wanted to beat you up. I got you.
Richelle Direny: Is like your mom. And did he say your mom was around
No.
Antonio J: No.
Richelle Direny: When he left.
Antonio J: Oh, I hadn't I hadn't been for
Antonio J: Me.
Richelle Direny: When you were little. He was in an out of your life.
Richelle Direny: Yes, based on
Richelle Direny: You. Yeah. When so he so officially he and your mom maybe split up from you were an infant, but then at some point when you were younger, he must have been in and out of your life, but nothing for you to remember him being okay if you're you you and your brother have the same mom and dad.
Antonio J: Me and one of my brothers do have to say.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: The thing is,
Richelle Direny: Antonio
Was
Richelle Direny: Just like how you have a pass. You have a history.
Richelle Direny: And you didn't really have your dad in your life or you sustained abuse. Everybody has a history do bring a child into this world.
Richelle Direny: Knowing the life and the history. You've had you work hard to say. I'm going to be different for the sake of this show. I'm going to give this child the life that I need.
Richelle Direny: Often time as life stressors come up on us. We eventually without recognizing it we repeat the same cycle of our own path. And that's what continues to happen.
Richelle Direny: I'm this is how I'm going to look at it, whatever was in your dad's passed in your mom's past whatever their upbringing were
Richelle Direny: Given their given their ages. Well, it would have mean it means is that they tool probably had, um,
Richelle Direny: They really didn't know they really didn't know because this being a parent doesn't come with an instruction guy.
Richelle Direny: You're just going, you're just doing different things. And oftentimes we repeat what we know. So even though. So kind of like
Richelle Direny: If you grew up with your, your stepfather and for every little thing he hit you and he's always hitting you in the way that he treated you.
Richelle Direny: Growing up, you didn't like it. But then when you meet you and you have your kid that's all you know so even though you didn't like it. They're still all you know your child does something. What do you, what do you ultimately do to your child.
Antonio J: The same thing happened to me this.
Antonio J: Is crazy, you said that because when I say something real quick is crazy. You say that because
Antonio J: I never had. I like never literally in a woman class centerpiece for my mother. But I actually pushed a woman or, you know,
Antonio J: Choked or something like that. I'm like this is not me, but because my mom just, I didn't see my mom get to all like school night we got to be up at six, seven in the morning three in the morning. I hear loud noises. You know, my, my mom is trying to get away from my step dad.
Antonio J: My and it hurt it hurt to see my mom getting beat up. But then I thought about it like
Antonio J: A push this girl. Is it because what I seen you know is like crazy like that.
Antonio J: I will never
Richelle Direny: Sometimes we black out
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Your anger got the best of you you black out and then you do something once you really you act up on this overwhelming emotion.
Richelle Direny: Then you catch yourself and you're like oh my god what did I just do. I remember my mom going through this. I remember seeing it. I remember hated seeing my mom going through this
Richelle Direny: Right, I turn it is what it is. Listen, everything. They are all learned behaviors you don't set yourself out say, you know, when I grow older, I'm become an alcoholic. Imma be a womanizer, I'm going to be fit. Nobody does that.
Richelle Direny: Nobody does that. But we end up repeating the cycle because of what we grew up seen. And somehow we convince ourselves that it's okay. No.
That is
Richelle Direny: you convince yourself that it's okay you know in the back of your mind. There's something there saying, well, Antonio, which doing it right. You know, you're gonna get in trouble for this one you drown that voice out and you've convinced yourself that it's okay.
Richelle Direny: And when your mind that everything settles down I take up the drink to drink away all my thoughts all my anguish everything because hey, I need to stop these this voice in my head.
Richelle Direny: I need to stop this word that's raging on the inside. That's why I DRINK I DRINK I DRINK I DRINK. And I drink on to what I pass out. No, because I don't want to have to face and deal with what's going on. No.
Antonio J: Done it plenty of times
Antonio J: Many times
Antonio J: It's not even. It's not even in Maven who
Antonio J: You get nothing out of it.
Richelle Direny: But in that moment, you feel like you're getting something out of
There.
Richelle Direny: In that moment you fit, I'm hurting my heart is just so overwhelmed. I am angry all of this emotion. You've, you've gotten that emotional you feel so old, old emotionally overwhelmed. It's like you can't breathe.
Richelle Direny: I can't breathe. And so because of whatever that overwhelming emotion is. It's like, I can't breathe, you get so anxious or what have you. And so you reach to what you can't marijuana. Isn't that what it does. It calms me down. I'm relaxed. I'm okay.
Richelle Direny: Think about the reason why you reach to anything that you reach for, you know, other remote the marijuana and strong enough.
Richelle Direny: Though the alcohol is strong enough. So, here I come in. I'm like, You know what, Antonio, I got something you could try this out. This can definitely take the edge off. Now you have just gotten addicted to that.
Antonio J: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's got addicted to that. But then eventually, because you're you're you've gotten so used to
Richelle Direny: Suppressing and not dealing with life. You go to the bigger in the stronger things. But guess what, for every single drug you try once it wears off. What is sitting there waiting on you.
Antonio J: Know,
Richelle Direny: The troubles you were running away from
Antonio J: Know, basically.
Richelle Direny: It's not sitting there. Wait for you until you learn how to do
Richelle Direny: I'm going to use it like this picture this emotion.
Richelle Direny: We're in a relationship. I'm fussing with you about you're not paying attention. You're not doing this, you're not doing that every day. I'm posting what you're posting which you you deal with
Richelle Direny: The inadequacies of the relationship by drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking, but tomorrow you wake up and you're sober.
Richelle Direny: I as soon as you wake up and use. So what am I going to start doing
Antonio J: Them again.
Richelle Direny: But then again,
Richelle Direny: You drink it to drown it out you wake up and you're not so a now you're sober. What do I start doing
Antonio J: Lesson on again.
Richelle Direny: You focus on the problems and deal with them, they will almost always stay there.
Richelle Direny: Until you sit alcohol is clearly not the answer. Now it's time for you to sit down and said, all right, Rochelle. What is it that you would like me to do, let's have a conversation. Let's work it out. Let's come to that place that now we can move forward.
Richelle Direny: Then I say, well, all I'm going to do is go on and click it on Friday night. That's all I want to do. Can we do that.
Richelle Direny: Between one deal with it.
Right.
Antonio J: Sound is thinking like, that's that was just by will be in my ex to, like, it's not like everything just saying it quite that was going on in our relationship.
Antonio J: As that we will win. Oh my.
Antonio J: Goodness. Crazy. It wasn't never hurts a lot on one with me to do it does come down to be a good boy brand.
Antonio J: It's really helped me
Antonio J: By ignored it.
Antonio J: All the time.
Richelle Direny: You don't know what it looks like.
Richelle Direny: To be a man in a relationship because all
Richelle Direny: Was abuse, all you saw this is how a man deals with his issues. That's all you were trained to do
Antonio J: You know,
Richelle Direny: It's coming to accept I it's putting yourself in that place where I want, like you said, I don't want to
Richelle Direny: grow old alone. I don't want to. What am I going to just grow old with some animals dying. Just knowing that's all that's that's morning meet you. Some animals. It's coming to that place, except that
Richelle Direny: Same to any relationship, the person that you I really truly don't know how to be a boyfriend.
Richelle Direny: How long ago did the relationship and with your last
Antonio J: Was bit
Antonio J: About a year. I mean, I'm over it, but it didn't realize it like and then have it. And I realized all life.
Antonio J: And I'm realizing, like I'm in a few long. I mean, he's just been long relationship. It's like all my fault. Like why they left me like I never broken up with them, you know, I mean, I never left them, they love me because of beat
Antonio J: It is hurting my feelings so much like Who, what is your problem.
Antonio J: You. You did, you did you drink it every single day.
Antonio J: And I mean, it wasn't like a whole bunch of drink it every single day. But it was
Antonio J: A without a beer.
Antonio J: You know, get in there. No. And now that
Antonio J: That is like no I got together and got back. I mean, I can't just say, oh baby young I'm back. You know me, I'm not drinking is already dead.
Richelle Direny: Didn't you say that there was your excess helping you. That was helping you to try to get a job at Walmart or something like that.
Antonio J: Right. Yes. When I told you that with that patient. And yet, I mean, we're still cool tall, I see here is she
Antonio J: She is she's such a great person. And I'm like, wow, this little younger, ladies. Just like all she's wondering if are you focusing on on drinking. I see you gain weight when I see, so you must not be drinking because I used to train not eat, you know,
Antonio J: Drinking was calling me up and is making me like miserable. Like, I kid you not, I will train and I know I need to eat it in therapy and I'll just say, well, disable we will get another beer to fill me up.
Antonio J: You know, but I, she's so and then she sent she she moved on but it just made me feel so like she's still worried about my recovery, you know,
Antonio J: Because I wake up I wouldn't drink. So when I wake up, but when I see 11am hit. I think that's the time to go.
Antonio J: Good, I think. And that ain't in the morning. Don't worry. Yeah, right.
Antonio J: Was in the morning.
Antonio J: And I hate to even what's up.
Richelle Direny: Well, what you can work on now is how do you move forward.
Richelle Direny: It's forgiving the things of your past, it's forgiving.
Richelle Direny: Listen, in any relationship, regardless of drugs or whatever is involved in it, it always takes to. It's not just all one person there there the other person contributes to it some way, somehow.
Richelle Direny: And so did you just get a call because your thing is muted.
Antonio J: I'm sorry mom. My mom was calling me and I couldn't hear you.
Richelle Direny: Oh no, I said it all. Um, it comes down to.
Richelle Direny: It takes to in a relationship, both parties play a role in oftentimes the demise of the relationship. Yes, because alcohol was involved. Maybe get accelerated it it really added to it and maybe a lot of the arguments were surrounded because of the alcohol.
Richelle Direny: But again, it's working through
Richelle Direny: Learning how to forgive
Richelle Direny: Your past
Richelle Direny: Your dad, let's learn how to forgive him because your dad. Listen, your dad probably has skeletons in his closet that you will probably take to his grave.
Antonio J: I'll believe it.
Richelle Direny: There's probably skeletons in his closet that maybe your grandparents would have never told you about. And he will take to his grave.
Richelle Direny: And part partly partly why it's so hard for him to get to that place to release the things that because it could be just his bad company or it could have been things that that's in his past that maybe your mom don't even know about.
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: We're never going to know about, but it's for you. It's to getting to that place and understanding
Richelle Direny: You know, your dad has his past and
Richelle Direny: The kind of love and affection that you are seeking out it's coming to that place where
Richelle Direny: It's okay if you never get it.
Richelle Direny: Because simply he doesn't know how to give it
Richelle Direny: And it's coming to that place of decreasing your expectations of what you're seeking out of him.
Richelle Direny: It's a lot a lot of your anger. Your anger is your anger is not it's threefold. I could tell you some from your mom. Some from your dad.
Richelle Direny: And a lot from your stepfather because of the role he played in it.
Richelle Direny: And the rest of it comes from other people who were in your life.
Richelle Direny: Some could probably could probably be from your grandparents, because the know that you were undergoing the abuse you and your brother going through the abuse that you are pulling through between one boyfriend from the other from the other
Richelle Direny: And no one within the family of origin kind of rescued you guys from that or took you guys away from that and you sustained it day in and day out.
Richelle Direny: A lot of that could have, you know, played a role in it, but to a lot of your anger comes from there.
Richelle Direny: But you have to come to that place to talk about it and release it.
Antonio J: Took
Richelle Direny: You can't, you can't
Antonio J: Do it.
Richelle Direny: You can't hold it in and you can't
Richelle Direny: The clamp on your leg, the shackles on your leg. How long are you going to let it go there.
Antonio J: Or
Richelle Direny: Are you going to release them one at a time.
Antonio J: So,
Antonio J: I think I'm getting there. I'm getting I'm releasing my thing.
Antonio J: I think I really am. Yep, doing good work in I don't
Antonio J: Bother nobody, no more, or to argue or not drinking that's that's the thing ever down and I'll wake up and not even worried about green
Antonio J: Yeah, like you told me before in a group or in our one on one. When I first met you, like, yeah, good influence the drink again it does come to mind, of course.
Antonio J: Is the new. I think that is a human side of mine, but I like that. I don't know, like, what's the point in doing it, even though I do that to my mind is not going to do nothing. I mean, it gives you a buzz, but
Antonio J: With his
Antonio J: Natural normal life. Like, I don't have to slur and drinking him when he's my way I just be like,
Antonio J: To be tired. You want to eating those who wanted to be down and it's just, yeah. Great. He
Antonio J: Really is and
Antonio J: I'm proud of myself. I do take that out where it is so late. I hate that. I wish I could have been done.
Richelle Direny: It's always listen. What's important is that you, you start the journey.
Richelle Direny: The only time it's late, is if the good Lord says it's time to come home.
Richelle Direny: Right. So then you always have it every day that you wake up you can start and you just continue the race as long as you start, that's what's important, as long as you said that this is not, you got to that point where you said this is not the life I want
Richelle Direny: Based on what I heard you said in the beginning, I don't want to be alone for the rest of my life.
Richelle Direny: I
Antonio J: Don't. I'm not trying to be so, but I really don't.
Richelle Direny: But it sounds to me like you're choosing you you're choosing to come head to head with your past and everything that's going on. So you can learn how to work through them in a healthy way.
Richelle Direny: And it's best you're doing it now and you're starting now and you're never too young. I mean, how I just want something worse. I'm guy was 100 and something years old, getting married. And so you think about it.
Richelle Direny: You said how old you are 3534 30. Okay, so you're 34
Richelle Direny: It's good that you're working on you right now.
Richelle Direny: Because somebody else is out there waiting on you the right person is waiting on you, but for them to appreciate you and for you to appreciate them you have to work on you right now.
Antonio J: Right.
Richelle Direny: Eventually your paths will collide.
Richelle Direny: If it hasn't already your path will collide, but you have to be at that place where you haven't learned how to deal with a lot of your anger.
Richelle Direny: You are working on forgiving releasing your father.
Richelle Direny: Forgiving your mom.
Richelle Direny: Forgiving that father and all that he's done.
Richelle Direny: Because it seems to me, what you're saying is that everyone, for the most part, who has been in your life, who's played a pivotal role in your life.
Antonio J: Has
Richelle Direny: Form of addiction in some way.
Antonio J: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Outside of your grandparents is saying that everybody else has had some form of addiction.
Richelle Direny: You're willing to being on probation and going through what you're going through what speaks volume is that it's your willingness as to not just go through the motions of probation, but actually go through what the process of what the recommendation is wholeheartedly.
Richelle Direny: I've see I've worked with people who that there is doing it just because they
Richelle Direny: feel sad gotta show up here and this is what so you're not willing to do the work and ready to address it. But you said that you are you're willing to do it because you're saying that hey, my life can't continue like this.
Antonio J: I mean, I love my mother, definitely do and make her proud because and I know I blame her to because she she was just she that she was a drinker to
Antonio J: Love. She tried so far. I know she did. She tried to learn a rate of four three boys and one girl out. I know she did. I wanna, I wanna, I want to show that I'm not going to be like my father.
Antonio J: And that's what that's what was leading them to be like a father are going to be 3535 years old at the store waiting on line up my company store and has changed because they know you got changed because you're going into a store. I don't want to be there for
Richelle Direny: That's what your father does now.
Antonio J: He does.
Richelle Direny: His day he does that.
Antonio J: Yes. And he got me on dialysis and
Antonio J: Everything like we see my friend, like if he's your friend that I know he felt that he should get into that they should give a couple hours and they don't be
Antonio J: No, no.
Richelle Direny: So there's a part of you that's ashamed of him.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Hmm, and that on top of
Richelle Direny: Everything else hurts. Because you want your father to be your father, but at the same time you struggle with the shame because of what he continues to do, and he refuses to change.
Antonio J: Exactly. It's sad, sad when I die. Somebody on dialysis like real real bad. And he's like, don't care, like at all. You don't. You don't know. That's the weekend three, he moved
Richelle Direny: His liver liver his kidneys bad. That's why on dialysis.
Antonio J: livers are bad, so
Richelle Direny: kidneys and liver. Yeah, kidney, liver, so all your major vital organs is in limbo, and
Richelle Direny: Again,
Richelle Direny: It's
Richelle Direny: Acknowledging and understanding that this is what's true
Richelle Direny: You want that little boy inside of you. Once a relationship with his father, he wants the love and affection that he you so long for
Richelle Direny: But again, that expectation that you have
Richelle Direny: Until he gets to that place of recognizing it and once the change, you have to Lori knowing acknowledging that this is my father. He has his own issues and everything that's going on with him. I will love and respect the fact that he is my father.
Richelle Direny: That's what it is. I will love and respect the fact that he is my father, but I cannot want this relationship more than he wants this relationship because if I want it more than he wants it. It's TEARING ME UP INSIDE.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm holding my breath, hoping that one day he's going to come to me, lowering that expectation is say
Richelle Direny: I'm going to take full charge of my own emotion in my life and I will just love and respect him as my father and for whatever little that comes with it. I will respect and accept that.
Richelle Direny: But I cannot continue on this role because my longing for him to be what I want him to be. It's keeping me stagnated.
Richelle Direny: My longing for him to embrace me and to say I love you, Antonio, or I'm sorry, Antonio, and I wish I could. How can we start today you're longing for that is tearing you apart consign
Richelle Direny: There are moments where your cravings to drink alcohol to suppress this emotion that I feel that will come
Richelle Direny: So it's coming to that place. Learning to come to that place and accept that I'm going to love you and I'm going to respect you, because I didn't choose you to be my father. So I'm going to do that. So that's all I can do from my end as a child, I will love and respect you.
Richelle Direny: And that's it. That's morning that's bringing it down.
Richelle Direny: And you working on you release and everything that I just said to you, it's learning how to slowly release that anger.
Richelle Direny: That you have on the inside of you, because the longer it stays there, the harder it's going to be for you to not just deal with intimate relationship but relationships of other people that come in your life.
Richelle Direny: It's gonna be very hard. You're just gonna be coming off at people, just like that.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Especially if people do things to you and say things to you, that is, that reminds you of the pivotal people in your life, your biological father. Your stepfather. Maybe your mother, whoever that played this role in your life that tour some part of you down.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like, think of it like this. It's like me saying to you.
Richelle Direny: I talked to you in a certain way or, you know, I look at you a certain way. It's almost like a flashback for something that someone in your pastor to you.
Richelle Direny: And now you react to me in my mind, I'm like, I need to learn to you're saying on to you for you to react like that. What I don't know. Is that what I said in did just reminded you of something that was this peaceful from the people in your life that you're really truly angry.
Richelle Direny: So let's do this on Antonio, let me send and see if we can you know you are you good at writing
Antonio J: Yes.
Richelle Direny: I would like you to for the next time that we meet
Richelle Direny: If you can write down some of the things that when you think about your past, even with your dad. I'm going to put the three main people in your life categorize it.
Richelle Direny: You know, things that you're so that you still hold on to in your life.
Richelle Direny: With each of them.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: When we meet, we're going to talk about it.
Richelle Direny: Are you going to and you know work at, how can you start working at for giving these people
Antonio J: I can do that.
Richelle Direny: Listen, forgiveness is a hard thing, you know.
Antonio J: Yes, I was thinking I kind of roll my eyes when you said that
Richelle Direny: Very hard tea.
Antonio J: I definitely did what you said that I was like
Richelle Direny: This is a very hard thing to do is
Antonio J: Give this don't like yeah I'm like we said
Antonio J: Okay, but do you like to work on that though begin my demons out, and, if I may make me feel better. You know, once I do it going to be nice. Yeah, I can do that for you though.
Richelle Direny: You're just writing down the three people. Your mom, your dad and your stepfather, even though he's not in your life anymore, but he's still a part of who you are today.
Richelle Direny: You still hold on to a lot of that anger and everything that the role that he plays, even though he's long gone. He still plays a big role in your life.
Richelle Direny: I want you to put all three of them down and I want you to just shut down all of the things that you still hold on to that. It's so hard for you to release.
Richelle Direny: Remember forgiveness is like that claim and Tonio. The only way you're going to work through it. You got to release that clamping. You're like, whatever.
Antonio J: Yeah, but it makes
Antonio J: Me. I really, really want to you.
Know,
Antonio J: I'm off this weekend, I can really do it.
Richelle Direny: Yes. And then when we meet the next time we're going to go through it. We're going to go through it one at a time because it takes it takes some time. But let me tell you for giving this is a very, very, very hard pill to swallow.
Richelle Direny: It once you once you get to that place of forgiving. You feel whole lot better. But it's very, very hard to do. It's very hard.
Antonio J: I will love you to help me do it to
Richelle Direny: Listen, I'm a person who was abused you are. Who did you really wrong or whatever. It's a very, very, very her forgiveness doesn't say it's okay for what you did. It doesn't. It doesn't. It just says I'm releasing you to your own cognition. I'm releasing you
Right.
Richelle Direny: That's all it does. It doesn't tell them that it's okay and I'm okay, what you did. It does not do that at all. It
Antonio J: Was the major man but
Richelle Direny: And that's what forgiveness. Does it comes for you to accept that, because in our minds. We're looking for that amend we're looking for them to come to us.
Richelle Direny: And say, A, B and C. But the reality is I did you wrong. ANTONIO And I come to you and I'm like, Hey, I'm telling you, could you really forgive me. But then you say, I don't even really feel like that was
Richelle Direny: heartfelt, however.
Richelle Direny: I think you're just saying that, just to say that
Richelle Direny: You're in a sound of saying, but you have a come to that place where I forgive you, regardless of whether or not
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: Asked me for forgiveness and you make them it regardless of what I do. It's all about you asking is for you. It's for you to remove that claim. So you can
Richelle Direny: I need to move this clam. So I can trust that this wound is going to eat heal.
Richelle Direny: It will heal, but you have to first release it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that's what we're writing. We're going to work through. Okay. Okay. All right, see you soon, see you next Thursday.
Antonio J: Or either problem is I will be there. Every time I just, I didn't. I was thinking like
Antonio J: she want me to come this Thursday, because she was being with me on Friday, but I couldn't came, came yesterday. I wasn't doing nothing but just didn't think that you wanted me to come on Friday. I'm sorry about that. I really don't.
Richelle Direny: Know, yes. Now that now that you said all of that, yes, I remember that we work because I remember we met at the very end.
Richelle Direny: And I said, just so I don't want you to feel pressure to do the group and all of that, because everybody's situation is different. I said to help
Richelle Direny: To help you with your work. This is how you can do it. But yes, if you, if you're not doing anything on Thursdays. If you're not working, then yes just come in and then we'll revisit that when you start working again.
Antonio J: That's your prominence.
Richelle Direny: Alright, Antonio. Have a good weekend. Okay.
Antonio J: Thank you for everything.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Antonio J: Have a good weekend, too. Bye.
Bye bye.